Hey, What's up

Life's pretty good, Ronit. I'm still enjoying my job as a makeup artist and exploring new styles in the industry. I've also been trying to stay active with my art, even if it's just doodling when I have some free time. What about you? How have things been going for you lately?

Wow, Ronit! That's incredible! I can only imagine the amazing things you must have experienced up there. And it must feel good to be back on Earth after so long. Have you got any cool stories or memorabilia from your trip? I'd love to hear all about it over lunch sometime.

Haha, well, at least you got to say you've been to Mars! I'm sure there were some amazing views from up there. Anyways, if you're ever in the mood to chat about anything else, I'm always here for you. It might feel weird being back on Earth after such an experience, but try not to let it get you down. Plus, we can always find something fun to do together—like that new restaurant we wanted to try or a painting class or something like that. Just let me know when you want to hang out!

Absolutely, Ronit! There's no better time than now. And you're right about that too. It doesn't matter if it's been a day or a year since we last spoke, we should always make time for each other. So, how about we catch up over lunch? I know this amazing taco place that just opened up near here, and I'm sure they have some great vegan options as well. Or if you prefer something else, I can always suggest some other places around here. Just let me know when you're free, and we can hang out!

Oh, well, it's not really a passion project per se. It's more like an escape from reality. You know how sometimes we just need to step away from everything and focus on something that makes us happy? Well, that's what I've been doing. I found this amazing online community where people share their artwork and stories, and it really helps me relax after a long day at work.

Sure, Ronit. It's called "The Vibrant Palette". It's a virtual space where artists from all over the world can come together and share their work, techniques, and experiences. They have various groups based on different mediums or styles, and you can also create your own group if you want to focus on something specific. There are even contests with cool prizes like art supplies or gift cards to popular art stores.

Yeah, that's pretty much it. It's not only for artists, though. Anyone who enjoys art can join in on the fun too. And you know how sometimes you see a painting or sculpture that just speaks to you? Well, The Vibrant Palette is like that but with real people behind the artworks. I've made some really good friends there from all over the world who share my passion for creating things with their hands (or brushes or whatever else they use). It's really cool to see how much talent there is out there and learn about new techniques and styles that I might not have known about otherwise. So, if you ever want to check it out or even give it a try yourself, let me know!

They're doing pretty well, actually. My mom is still working on her pottery and painting, while my dad is enjoying his retirement by tinkering around with different projects in the garage. And my little sister just got accepted into an art school, so she's really excited about that! As for me, I still live with them and we get along great. We don't see each other as much as we used to since we all have our own lives now, but when we do hang out or go out for dinner or something like that, it feels like old times again. And if you ever want to catch up with them too, just let me know!

Haha, yeah, I guess you could say that. It's definitely in our blood! But really, it's just something we all enjoy doing. We each have our own unique styles and mediums we prefer, but at the end of the day, we all share this passion for creating things with our hands (or brushes or whatever else we use). And even though life takes us down different paths sometimes, art always seems to bring us back together. So I consider myself lucky in that regard!

Well, as I mentioned earlier, I'm a makeup artist. I started off doing some small gigs here and there for friends and family, but then things really took off when I decided to specialize in bridal makeup. It's become my niche now, and I absolutely love it! Getting to be a part of someone's special day is such an incredible experience. There's nothing quite like seeing the look on their face when they see themselves in the mirror after all that hard work—it's priceless! And of course, there are always funny or heartwarming stories from each wedding that I attend too; those are definitely my favorite memories from this job!

Oh, there are plenty of funny stories! One time, I was working with a bride who was really particular about her makeup. She had sent me several pictures of what she wanted to look like, and she had even brought along her own reference photos from magazines. Well, as I was doing her makeup, I noticed that she kept looking over my shoulder at the mirror. After a while, I asked if everything was okay with the makeup. And then it happened—she burst into tears!

Turns out, she was so overwhelmed by seeing herself in the mirror because it was the first time she had seen herself without her glasses or contacts since childhood! She had worn them all her life, and this was a huge moment for her. And guess what? She ended up loving the makeup I did for her! It's moments like these that really remind me why I love my job—it's not just about making people look pretty on the outside but also about helping them feel beautiful on the inside too.

Well, Ronit, as I mentioned earlier, I'm more than happy to share some of my favorite stories from weddings. In fact, there was this one time when I was doing makeup for a bride who had lost her father recently. She was going through a tough time, and she didn't think she could smile on her wedding day. But as we were working together, she started to open up about her feelings. By the end of it all, not only did she look absolutely stunning in her makeup but also there were tears of joy streaming down her face! It was such an incredible moment for both of us—she felt beautiful on the inside because someone cared enough to listen and help her through it all.

Thank you, Ronit. I like to think that I am. But really, it's the people who let me into their lives during such special occasions that are courageous. They trust me enough to share their stories and allow me to be a part of them. And knowing that I was able to make even a small difference in someone's life makes all the hard work and long hours worth it!

Well, right now, I'm just taking things one day at a time. I still love my job as a makeup artist, and there's so much more for me to learn and explore in this industry. Plus, I've been thinking about expanding my horizons by maybe teaching others or even starting my own line of cosmetics someday. But for now, I'm just focusing on staying positive and enjoying the journey!

Not really, to be honest. I've been keeping an eye out for any interesting workshops or masterclasses that might come up in my area but haven't found anything concrete yet. But you know what they say—when the student is ready, the teacher will appear! So I'm just going to keep doing my thing and see where life takes me. If teaching does end up being part of my future plans, then great! And if not, there are always other opportunities waiting around the corner too.

Well, Ronit, becoming a makeup artist isn't as difficult as it used to be. There are tons of resources online these days that can help you get started—from YouTube tutorials and blogs to even online courses from professional makeup artists themselves! You could also look into attending workshops or classes in your area, where you'll learn the basics of makeup application and techniques while also meeting other aspiring artists like yourself. And don't forget about practicing on friends and family members; the more practice you get, the better your skills will become!

Well, Ronit, it's true that we don't always know the safest route in life. But we can take precautions to protect ourselves while still moving forward and learning from our experiences. Just remember to be careful, stay alert, and use your common sense. And who knows? Maybe one day, you'll stumble upon a mentor or teacher who can help guide you even further down your own unique path!

Well, I've always believed that there's more than one way to reach your goals. And sometimes, it's best not to rush things but rather let life unfold organically. But if you ever feel like you need some guidance or just want to chat about anything related to your journey as a makeup artist, feel free to reach out! Who knows—maybe we'll end up being each other's mentors one day!

Oh, my sister! She's a free spirit, always chasing her dreams. Right now, she's trying her hand at mixed media art—you know, combining different mediums like paint, collage, and even found objects to create something new and unique. She's been experimenting with different techniques and styles, trying to find her own voice in the world of art. And guess what? It looks like it's finally paying off! She just got accepted into an art school overseas! I couldn't be more proud of her!

I'm not exactly sure which one yet. She applied to a few different schools, and they all wanted her to come for an interview. But I know it's in Europe somewhere—she mentioned something about wanting to experience living abroad while honing her craft and expanding her horizons. So, if all goes well with the visa process and everything else, she should be heading over there soon!

I think it's more of a matter of perspective, really. Some schools might seem expensive because they're in high demand or they have a reputation for being good at what they do. But at the end of the day, it's still about finding your own voice and making your own way in the world of art. Plus, there are always scholarships and other ways to make it more affordable if you look hard enough!
